##WinBridge: WinRT Controls & Features for Unity3DThe WinBridge is a plugin for Unity3D that enables easier command of native controls and features of WinRT (the underlying library behind Windows Store, Windows Phone and Xbox One apps). Currently implemented:- Windows Store (In-App-Purchases, Trial Upgrade, Reciept management)- Native Message Dialogs- Native Video Playback## InstallationCopy the contents of the folder _CopyContentsToUnityAssets_ into your Unity project.##Usage### Play Fullscreen Video```public static void PlayVideoFullscreen(string videoUrl, bool controlsEnabled, bool tapSkipsVideo)```- videoUrl: The URL to the video as a string, including official qualifier (for instance ms-appx:/// for an asset inside the app package or http:// for a web resource). _Note: If the video should ship with the app package, it is best placed inside the appx package using Visual Studio_.- controlsEnabled (default: _true_): _true_ enables the native video controls (scrubber, play/pause, etc.), _false_ disables them. - tapSkipsVideo (default: _false_): _true_ automatically removes the video element if the user taps/clicks it, _false_ doesn't. If controlsEnabled is set to _true_ and tapSkipsVideo is set to _false_, a tap/click will pause the video.### Windows StoreTBD### Message BoxTBD##LicenseThis repository is open-source and currently maintained by a small group of Microsoft developer evangelists. It should be noted that this plugin is provided as-is with no warranties given. It is released under the MS-LPL license. For details, please see the attached license.md (MS-LPL) or http://clrinterop.codeplex.com/license.